README.md, before:

# SweepstakesProject
Dependency Injection Documentation

The MarketingFirm class takes in an object that implements the ISweeptaskesManager interface rather than instantiating it inside of MarketingFirm itself.
Thus, the dependency is injected into MarketingFirm class rather than MarketingFirm instantiating it and creating a new dependency.
MarketingFirm and ISweepstakesManager are now a lot more isolated from each other where changes to either will not affect the other. 

Currently there are SweepstakesStackManager and SweepstakesQueueManager classes that implement ISweepstakesManager interface, but in the future there can be new classes
that uses other data structures underneath such as SweepstakesHeapManager.
If a class such as SweepstakesHeapManager is implemented, it can just be passed into MarketingFirm without MarketingFirm needing to be updated.
If MarketingFirm implementation is changed to not use something that implements ISweepstakesManager, it can just change the input parameter into something else.

Overall this makes the dependency between ISweepstakesManager interface and MarketingFirm a lot easier to manage.

###################################
# This Project uses MailKit API
###################################

# MailKit API License
MIT License

Copyright (C) 2013-2020 .NET Foundation and Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added in info about email implementation
Added in notes about email implementation and how I tested it.

README.md, after:

# SweepstakesProject
Dependency Injection Documentation

The MarketingFirm class takes in an object that implements the ISweeptaskesManager interface rather than instantiating it inside of MarketingFirm itself.
Thus, the dependency is injected into MarketingFirm class rather than MarketingFirm instantiating it and creating a new dependency.
MarketingFirm and ISweepstakesManager are now a lot more isolated from each other where changes to either will not affect the other. 

Currently there are SweepstakesStackManager and SweepstakesQueueManager classes that implement ISweepstakesManager interface, but in the future there can be new classes
that uses other data structures underneath such as SweepstakesHeapManager.
If a class such as SweepstakesHeapManager is implemented, it can just be passed into MarketingFirm without MarketingFirm needing to be updated.
If MarketingFirm implementation is changed to not use something that implements ISweepstakesManager, it can just change the input parameter into something else.

Overall this makes the dependency between ISweepstakesManager interface and MarketingFirm a lot easier to manage.


Note about email capabilities implementation:

I have been testing the email sending functionalities with gmail accounts, and the project is hard coded for gmail server "smtp.gmail.com" and port 587.
I had to enable less secure apps (through specific link for those accounts) to not have to use OAuth 2.0.
Other email servers may have different requirements.
I did most of my testing by having the program read from text files with the email address for send and receive (added to gitignore).

###################################
# This Project uses MailKit API
###################################

# MailKit API License
MIT License

Copyright (C) 2013-2020 .NET Foundation and Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
